# Hello-World
Aloha! My name is Reis and i was born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii. The Date Was February 9th 1992 and the time of birth was some time nearing 8:30 a.m. on a beautiful Sunday morning. Today I am 29 years of age nearing 30. My goal is to be wealthy beyond my own belief by the age of 30. More than i could ever imagine. Pure imagination manifesting greatness while branching out and curing self within. Like a honey comb structured wing designed for elevation through levitation by means of vibration at the same time cloaking the subject into pure invisibility status no joke (facts). High frequency vibration may be the key to unlocking the hidden portals to the world we know nothing of. What am i saying? I am saying " we as a collective conscience, are responsible for the well being of one another through our own well being. We must all conquer our inner demons and to never summon them in any way shape or form. Peace and honor to our ancestors and the ones who came before us. Love and respect to all who dwell upon our beloved mama aina. In order to raise the frequency of the masses, everyone including you, need to take full responsibilty to the task at hand, which is, to never give up or give in, but to give it all you got! and never forget who are and where your came from. Because the deeper the roots the stronger the tree. So shoot for the stars but always remember to just be. Being is believing. yaaaaman
                                                                          
                                                                              Mahalo,
                                                                                     - TWTICH.TV/REISYBOY816
